[melodic whistling]
[smacking]
[exhaling deeply]
thump!
both: WHOA!
- ♪ HERE WE GO 'CAUSE WE'RE
FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
♪ A LITTLE CUCKOO,
♪ WE'RE AMAZING,
TOTALLY CRAZY ♪
♪ FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
♪ COME ON, EVERYBODY, SING ♪
♪ WE'RE GONNA SCREAM
AT THE TOP OF OUR LUNGS ♪
♪ WE'RE GONNA FLY
AND HAVE SOME FUN ♪
♪ WE DON'T CARE IF YOU STARE ♪
♪ OR EVEN
LOOK AT OUR UNDERWEAR ♪
both: ♪ BRAIN ♪
♪ FREEZE ♪
♪ OOH ♪
♪ BRAIN FREEZE! ♪
- ♪ BUH-BUH, BAH,
BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH, BAH-BAH,
BUH, BAH-BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH-BAH,
BUH-BAH, BAH ♪
♪ COME AND SCREAM
AT THE TOP OF YOUR LUNGS ♪
♪ COME AND FLY
AND HAVE SOME FUN ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH, BAH,
FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
both: OH!
- THAT'S NICE.
- ♪ THERE WILL BE SHRIEKS ♪
♪ THERE WILL BE SCREAMS ♪
♪ THERE WILL BE CANDY ♪
♪ IN YOUR DREAMS ♪
♪ TONIGHT ♪
- THIS IS A TALE OF TWO BOYS
WHO JUST COULDN'T WAIT FOR...
- HALLOWEEN!
- IT'S FINALLY...
both: HALLOWEEN! YAY!
- OKAY, CHUM CHUM,
THIS YEAR IS GONNA BE
THE MOST CANDY-LICIOUS
HALLOWEEN EVER.
- [squeals excitedly]
I LOVE CANDY!
- YES, BUT TO GET CANDY,
WE NEED...
COSTUMES!
[growls]
TA-DA!
- [laughs hysterically]
OOH, THAT'S NICE.
MY TURN!
TRICK OR TREAT!
- WAIT A MINUTE.
DIDN'T YOU WEAR THIS COSTUME
LAST YEAR?
- YUP! BUT THIS
ISN'T MY COSTUME.
THIS IS!
- [screams]
PERFECT, CHUM CHUM.
THIS YEAR, WE'RE COMING HOME
WITH NOTHING BUT CANDY.
both: LET'S TRICK OR TREAT!
[doorbell ringing]
[knocking]
- TRICK OR TREAT!
- [groans]
TRICK OR TREAT?
IT'S 6:00 IN THE MORNING.
- REALLY? IS IT THAT EARLY?
[bicycle bell rings]
- MORNING PAPER!
smack!
- OH, I GUESS IT IS.
- [howls]
I'LL NEVER MAKE IT
TILL TONIGHT.
- THERE'S GOT TO BE A PLACE
WHERE WE CAN TRICK-OR-TREAT
THIS EARLY,
A PLACE THAT HAS TONS OF CANDY,
THAT'S OPEN ALL THE TIME,
AND THEY CAN'T CLOSE THE DOOR
IN OUR FACES.
both: THE FROSTY MART!
[doorbell chimes]
both: TRICK OR--TREAT!
OUR FACES.
- LEONARD FLYNN BOYLE,
WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS?
- WE'RE CLOSED
FOR PARANORMAL ACTIVITY.
YOU KNOW, GHOSTS?
IT'S PART OF THE FROSTY MART'S
HALLOWEEN PROMOTION
FOR FROSTY SCREAMY-SCREAM,
BUT BOOG LET IT OUT
OF ITS DISPLAY CUP.
- [giggles]
FROSTY SCREAMY--
[shrieking]
SCREAM!
- HE'S BEEN A WRECK EVER SINCE.
- [shivering]
- [laughs]
OH, LENNY.
WE AIN'T AFRAID
OF NO GHOST.
SO IF YOU DON'T MIND,
WE'RE JUST GONNA HELP OURSELVES
TO SOME HALLOWEEN CANDY.
- HELP YOURSELF TO SOME--
HEY!
- [screams]
OW!
- OOPS, MY BAD.
- TRICK OR TREAT.
- TREAT!
- LET'S SEE, OH,
A COUPLE OF THESE,
ONE OR TWO OF THOSE,
SOME OF THESE.
GOT TO HAVE THESE.
WELL, THAT SHOULD
HOLD US OVER TILL TONIGHT.
WOW, CHUM CHUM.
LOOKS LIKE YOUR PAIL
IS ABOUT TO EXPLODE.
- BUT I HAVEN'T
PUT ANYTHING IN IT YET.
- HUH?
WELL, THEN WHAT'S IN YOUR--
[both screaming]
- BLUH-BLUH-BLUH-BLUH-BLUH!
- CHUM CHUM, WAS THAT THE--
- [gurgling]
both: G-G-G-GHOST!
[both shrieking]
[loud splatter]
[scampering footsteps]
WE'LL COME BACK LATER!
- HUH?
- [giggles]
[screams]
BOOG! BOOG!
HELP ME!
[laser blasting]
- I'M COMING FOR YOU, LENNY!
[doorbell chimes]
- OZ JUST MIGHT BE
OUR LAST HOPE, CHUM.
[knocking]
both: TRICK OR TREAT!
- HEY, GUYS, YOU WEREN'T
FOLLOWED HERE, WERE YOU?
- NO.
- SERIOUSLY?
- SERIOUSLY.
- THEY SAID SERIOUSLY.
- WELL, GOOD.
COME ON IN.
I'M MAKING CEREAL.
[doorbell jingles]
- SO WE WERE WONDERING...
WE KNOW IT'S ONLY
7:00 IN THE MORNING,
BUT WOULD YOU HAPPEN
TO HAVE ANY CANDY?
- OOH, I DID,
BUT I JUST SPRINKLED
THE LAST OF IT OVER MY CEREAL.
[giggles]
'CAUSE I'M GONNA NEED
A SERIOUS AMOUNT OF ENERGY
TO FINISH...
THIS!
♪ DUH-DUH-DUH-DUH-DUH-DUH ♪
- WHOA!
WHAT IS THAT?
- LAST NIGHT, I HAD A VISION.
[snoring loudly]
[chomping]
- OZWALD, OZWALD.
YOU HAVE TO BUILD
A CANDY ARK.
THEN GATHER TWO
OF EVERY TYPE OF CANDY,
FOR HALLOWEEN IS NIGH,
AND YOU REALLY LIKE CANDY.
- [giggles]
AMEN.
- YES! RAISE THE ANCHOR
AND SET SAIL FOR CANDY.
- SORRY, BOYS.
SHE STILL NEEDS TO BE PAINTED.
OTHERWISE, THAT SALTWATER TAFFY
WILL EAT RIGHT THROUGH HER HULL.
- BUT I NEED CANDY NOW!
- UH, CHUM CHUM,
THOSE ARE JUST FOAM CORE.
- FOAM CORE WITH PEANUTS?
- NO.
- [spits and groans loudly]
- YOU NEED CANDY RIGHT NOW, HUH?
ALAS, I CANNOT HELP YOU.
HOWEVER, THERE IS ONE PLACE...
NO! I DARE NOT.
IT IS TOO DANGEROUS.
both:
WHAT? WHAT PLACE?
TELL US!
- LEGEND SPEAKS
OF A MYSTERIOUS PLACE
THAT GIVES OUT CANDY ALL DAY,
EVERY DAY OF THE YEAR,
A PLACE CALLED...
[thunder booming]
THAT PLACE!
- HUH! DO NOT KNOW
HOW WE MISSED THAT.
- HOWEVER, LEGEND ALSO SPEAKS
OF A STRANGE BEING THERE
WHO TRICKS
UNSUSPECTING CHILDREN
IN WAYS SO DEVIOUS
AND DASTARDLY THAT--
[doorbell jingles]
both: CANDY!
- GUYS, GU--
WHATEVER!
[eerie music]
- THIS IS IT, CHUM CHUM.
GET YOUR PAIL READY.
[doorbell rings]
[bats screeching]
I GOT A REALLY GOOD FEELING
ABOUT THIS.
[knocking]
[doorbell rings]
HELLO! TRICK OR TREAT!
GOT EMPTY PAILS HERE.
[doors creak]
- GO AWAY!
[both screaming]
OOPS, SORRY.
WRONG FACE.
THERE, THAT'S A LOT LESS SCARY,
NOW, ISN'T IT?
[screaming continues]
- SO WE HEAR YOU HAVE CANDY.
- OH, IT'S CANDY YOU SEEK.
WELL, YOU'VE COME
TO THE RIGHT PLACE.
COME IN. COME IN.
both: TEE-HEE-HEE-HEE.
JACKPOT!
[laughing wickedly]
[thunder booming]
- I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE NEVER NOTICED
THIS GIANT
PUMPKIN HEAD HOUSE.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE ANYTHING,
EVER.
[footsteps squishing]
- YOU HEAR THAT SQUISH?
THAT'S GENUINE PUMPKIN GUTS,
CHUM CHUM.
AND ALL THIS TIME,
WE'VE BEEN WALKING AROUND
ON SOLID FLOORS LIKE SUCKERS.
- I LOVE THIS HOUSE.
IT LOOKS LIKE HALLOWEEN,
BUT IT TASTES LIKE THANKSGIVING.
[chomping]
- SO WE LIKE TASTING THINGS,
DO WE?
both: UH-HUH.
- WELL, I'M KNOWN TO BE
THE CANDY MAN OF THIS TOWN.
MWAH-HA-HA-HA-HA.
- THE CANDY MAN.
- YES, THE CANDY MAN.
MWAH-HA-HA-HA-HA.
- THE CANDY MAN.
- YES, THE CANDY MAN.
- GREAT! SO WHERE'S OUR CANDY,
CANDY MAN?
[both gasp]
- WELL, I HAVE A TRICK--
I MEAN, A TREAT FOR YOU.
[both giggling]
- WELL, GO AHEAD, BOYS.
IT'S ALL YOURS!
both: CANDY!
♪ I LOVE C-A-N-D-Y ♪
♪ C-A-N-D-Y ♪
♪ CANDY! ♪
♪ I LOVE THE BLUE ONES,
THE GREEN ONES ♪
♪ THE RED ONES,
THE PINK ONES ♪
♪ THE YELLOW ONES,
THE PURPLE ONES ♪
♪ I LOVE CANDY ♪
♪ THE STRETCHY ONES,
GUMMY ONES ♪
♪ CHEWY ONES,
STICKY ONES ♪
♪ GIVE ME CANDY ♪
♪ C-A-N-D-Y ♪
♪ IT'S CANDY ♪
♪ I PUT IT IN MY MOUTH
AND I CHEW IT AROUND ♪
♪ AND IT TASTES REAL GOOD
AND I LICK IT ON DOWN ♪
♪ COME ON TAKE A TRIP
DOWN TO TASTY TOWN ♪
♪ IT'S CANDY ♪
♪ I LOVE THE BLUE ONES,
THE GREEN ONES ♪
♪ THE YELLOW ONES,
THE PINK ONES ♪
♪ I LOVE CANDY ♪
♪ C-A-N-D-Y ♪
♪ CANDY ♪
♪ CANDY,
CANDY ♪
♪ CANDY ♪
[moaning and groaning]
- OH, BOYS,
YOU'RE NOT FINISHED.
- OH, I CAN'T EAT
ANOTHER PIECE OF CANDY.
[retches]
- UNTIL TRICK-OR-TREATING.
- OH, RIGHT.
TRICK-OR-TREATING.
[both moaning and groaning]
- OH, BUT I'VE SAVED THE BEST
FOR LAST, HUH?
- EH, THAT'S IT?
- NOW, NOW.
THESE ARE NO ORDINARY CANDIES.
THEY'RE INDESCRIBABLY
DELICIOUS.
YOU HAVE MY WORD
AS A CANDY MAN:
ONCE YOU TASTE THIS CANDY,
YOU'LL NEVER TASTE
ANY OTHER CANDY AGAIN.
HMM?
- WELL, I GUESS ONE MORE
COULDN'T HURT.
[both chewing loudly]
HMM, GOOD MOUTH FEEL,
KIND OF CRUNCHY,
STRONG UMAMI,
NOT GETTING MUCH
IN THE FLAVOR DEPARTMENT.
- FUNNY, I CAN'T TASTE IT
AT ALL.
- [smacking]
[vapor hissing]
UH, WHAT'S COMING
OUT OF MY MOUTH?
- UH, IT FEELS LIKE
MY TASTE BUDS ARE POPPING.
- COME TO ME.
COME.
YES, YES!
YOUR TASTE IS MINE.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- I TOOK YOUR TASTE.
- BUT-- BUT--
- I TOLD YOU,
ONCE YOU TASTE THIS CANDY,
YOU'LL NEVER TASTE CANDY AGAIN.
[laughing wickedly]
- WE HAVE NO TASTE?
- NO!
NO, IT CANNOT BE!
[slurping]
NOTHING.
- [slurping]
UGH. OKAY, THAT I TASTED.
[spits]
SO IT'S JUST CANDY, THEN?
- YES, AFRAID SO.
both: NO!
- AND NOW
BACK TO OUR TASTELESS TALE.
- WHAT'S THE BIG IDEA
TAKING OUR TASTE,
YOU ROTTEN PUMPKIN?
- YEAH, WHY'D YOU HAVE
TO RUIN TREATS FOR US?
- TREATS, TREATS, TREATS.
THAT'S ALL ANYONE
THINKS ABOUT.
WHAT HAPPENED TO TRICKS?
I REMEMBER A TIME WHEN PEOPLE
CHOSE BETWEEN TRICK OR TREAT.
I'D TELL THEM TO SMELL MY FEET
AND GIVE ME
SOMETHING GOOD TO EAT.
AND IF THEY DIDN'T,
I WOULDN'T CARE.
I'D PULL DOWN
THEIR UNDERWEAR.
[laughs sinisterly]
- IS THAT ALL YOU WANT?
UNDERWEAR-BASED TRICKS?
YOU ARE SPEAKING OUR LANGUAGE.
[loud growling]
SEE? WE GOT A MILLION OF 'EM.
- I'M GLAD TO HEAR THAT,
BECAUSE YOU'RE GOING
TO NEED THEM.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- YOU'RE TO FILL THIS JAR
WITH 1,000 SCREAMS BY SUNDOWN.
ONLY THEN CAN YOU HAVE
YOUR TASTE BACK.
- 1,000 SCREAMS?
NO PROBLEMO--
OOP.
- CAREFUL WITH THAT JAR!
[glass shatters]
[screams loudly]
- OOH, THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN
A GOOD SCREAM FOR THE JAR.
EH, ANYONE USING
THAT MYSTICAL SCREAM COOLER?
- 1,000 SCREAMS?
WE'LL NEVER BE ABLE TO TRICK
THAT MANY HOUSES BY SUNDOWN.
- IF ONLY THERE WAS A WAY
TO BRING HORDES OF PEOPLE
TO OUR HOUSE
AND TRICK THEM INTO THINKING
IT WAS--I DON'T KNOW--
HAUNTED OR SOMETHING.
- YOU MEAN
MAKE A HAUNTED HOUSE?
- [gasps]
CHUM CHUM, THAT'S GENIUS.
I CAN PRACTICALLY HEAR
THE PANTS BEING PEED.
- OOH, THIS LOOKS GOOD.
THE ILLUSTRATED GUIDE
TO HORRIBLE CREATURES.
both: HEY, KYLE!
- [screams]
- JEEZ, GIVE US
A LITTLE WARNING
ON THE SCREAMING
NEXT TIME.
WE GOT A COOLER TO FILL.
- WHAT THE DEVIL
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- CHUM CHUM AND I
ARE GONNA BUILD
A REALLY SCARY HAUNTED HOUSE
SO WE CAN SCARE
EVERY KID IN TOWN.
IT'S GONNA BE SUPER SCARY.
- YEAH!
WE'RE GONNA USE SPAGHETTI
FOR WORMS
AND PEELED GRAPES
FOR EYEBALLS.
- UGH.
- WE WERE WONDERING,
YOU GOT ANY SPAGHETTI WORMS
OR GRAPE EYEBALLS?
- UH, NO.
BUT I DO HAVE REAL EYEBALLS.
- OOH, FANBOY, LOOK!
THIS WILL BE PERFECT
FOR HOLDING THE GRAPES.
- GREAT!
NOW, WHAT WILL INVOKE
MORE SCREAMS OF TERROR,
SPAGHETTINI OR BOW TIE PASTA?
I'M ON THE FENCE.
- OH, PLEASE.
THE ONLY REACTION
YOU TWO COULD INVOKE
ARE CRIES OF BOREDOM.
ZING!
- ARE YOU SAYING
YOU HAVE A BETTER IDEA
THAN HOT DOG FINGERS
WITH KETCHUP BLOOD?
- [grumbles]
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
I DO.
[thunder booming]
- WELCOME,
DEAR BOYS AND GIRLS,
TO A SPECIAL MATINEE PERFORMANCE
OF  SPIRITS FROM BEYOND,
A SEANCE IN THREE ACTS.
AND NOW, YOUR SEANCE MASTER,
KYLE THE CONQUEROR.
[magical shimmering tone]
- YAY!
- SHALL WE BEGIN?
LET US ALL JOIN HANDS.
- HEY, KYLE,
IF WE'RE HOLDING HANDS,
HOW ARE THEY GONNA FEEL
THE SPAGHETTI AND GRAPES?
- ENOUGH WITH THE SPAGHETTI
AND GRAPES.
O POWERFUL SPIRITS
FROM BEYOND,
WE WHO ARE AMONG THE LIVING
DO HUMBLY IMPLORE
AND INVITE YOU TO--
- [clears throat]
UH, KYLE?
WE'RE KIND OF
ON A TIME CRUNCH HERE.
- OH, VERY WELL.
DEMON FROM THE DEPTHS
OF THE UNDERWORLD,
I SUMMON THEE.
I SUMMON THEE!
- MY GRAPES!
[loud smashing]
[demonic roar]
[all screaming]
[both screaming]
- THERE YOU ARE,
A COMPLETE SET
OF GENUINE SCREAMS OF TERROR.
COLLECT THEM ALL.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I TOLD YOU,
DO NOT LOOK DIRECTLY
AT THE BLOGHOG.
- WE COULDN'T HELP IT.
- HE'S SO AWESOMELY SCARY.
- WELL, HURRY
AND COLLECT YOUR SCREAMS.
I CAN'T SUMMON HIM FOREVER.
- OKAY, OKAY.
[demonic grunting]
- AH! IT WON'T OPEN.
WE'RE TOO ETHEREAL.
- [grunting]
[demonic roar]
[all screaming]
all: YAY!
THAT WAS AWESOME!
- WAIT!
WHERE'S EVERYBODY GOING?
DON'T LEAVE.
DON'T YOU WANT
TO SCREAM SOME MORE?
CHUM CHUM, QUICK,
GET THE GRAPES.
- NOW THE EVIL PUMPKIN GUY
WILL NEVER GIVE US
OUR TASTE BACK.
- WHO?
- IT'S NO ONE, KYLE.
JUST AN EVIL JACK-O-LANTERN
WHO USED MAGICAL CANDY
TO STEAL OUR TASTE
AND MAGICALLY PUT IT
IN A MAGIC JAR.
- YOU WOULDN'T UNDERSTAND.
- COME ON, CHUM CHUM.
IT'S TIME TO PAY
THE MAGICAL PUMPKIN PIPER.
[door slams]
- HMM, MAGICAL PUMPKIN MAN.
WELL, THIS TOWN'S
NOT BIG ENOUGH
FOR TWO PRACTITIONERS
OF THE DARK ARTS.
[laughs]
- DID YOU GET THE SCREAMS?
LET ME SEE.
AH!
HUH?
THESE AREN'T SCREAMS.
IT'S SLICED TURKEY.
- WE WERE GONNA HAVE A PICNIC
WHEN WE GOT OUR TASTE BACK.
[crying loudly]
- WAH!
- [growls]
- SO YOU THINK
YOU CAN COME TO MY TOWN
AND CAST A SPELL
ON MY TWO IDIOTS?
- KYLE, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- I AM THE MOST POWERFUL WIZARD
IN TOWN,
SO HEED MY WARNING:
GIVE THESE BOYS BACK
THEIR TASTE,
OR FACE THE WRATH
OF KYLE THE CONJUROR!
- YOU'RE JUST MAKING HIM ANGRY.
- OH, REALLY?
IS THAT YOUR ANGRY FACE?
- NO, THIS IS.
- [shrieks]
[shrieking]
- 1, 2,
3, 4,
5, 6...
- [shrieks]
- 997.
- 998.
- [groaning]
[shrieks]
- 999.
- [shrieks]
- 1,000.
YAY, KYLE!
YOU DID IT!
- OH, SO VERY SCARED.
- HERE YOU GO,
1,000 SCREAMS,
AS PROMISED.
- AND JUST IN TIME.
HERE'S YOUR TASTE BACK.
- OH, TASTE.
I'VE MISSED YOU SO MUCH.
- I'M GONNA LICK
EVERYTHING IN SIGHT.
[licking]
- SO, UH, WHAT DO YOU NEED
THOSE SCREAMS FOR ANYWAY?
[loud crash]
- IT'S VERY SIMPLE, REALLY.
THESE SCREAMS
POWER A VORTEX
THAT WILL SUCK IN AND DESTROY
ALL THE TREATS IN THE WORLD.
- UH-HUH.
WELL, GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.
COME ON, CHUM CHUM.
LET'S GO TRICK-OR--
WAIT A MINUTE.
IF ALL THE TREATS ARE DESTROYED,
THEN WHAT ARE WE GOING
TO TASTE?
- NOT MY PROBLEM.
[laughs wickedly]
- NO!
KYLE, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
- WE TOLD YOU
THIS WAS OVER YOUR HEAD.
- YES.
OH, YES.
OH, YES!
- OH, THAT CAN'T BE GOOD.
[laughs wickedly]
both:
AH!
- [laughs wickedly]
AND ONCE EVERY TREAT IS GONE,
HALLOWEEN WILL ONCE AGAIN
BE ONLY FOR TRICKS.
[laughs wickedly]
[both gasp]
- AW, THIS IS THE COOLEST THING
I'VE EVER SEEN,
AND I CAN'T EVEN
ENJOY IT.
IF ONLY HE LOVED CANDY
AS MUCH AS WE DO,
HE COULD NEVER DESTROY IT.
- BUT NOBODY LOVES
THE SWEET TASTE OF CANDY
AS MUCH AS US.
- [gasps]
YOU'RE RIGHT.
- AH! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- EAT MY TASTE, PUMPKIN FACE!
- [glugging]
- OH, WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHY DO I SUDDENLY WANT...
CANDY?
[licking]
SO CRUNCHY.
SO...
MUNCHY.
I NEVER KNEW
CANDY COULD BE SO DELICIOUS.
WAIT.
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO ME?
- AND WHAT HAPPENED NEXT,
A MIRACLE THEY SAY:
MR. TRICKS PUMPKIN HEAD
GREW TWO SMILES THAT DAY.
- OH, BOYS.
YOU PUT A SMILE
ON BOTH MY FACES.
HOW CAN I EVER THANK YOU?
- EH, YOU COULD QUIT HOGGING
ALL OF OUR TASTE, FOR STARTERS.
- OH, I'M SORRY.
HERE YOU ARE.
[spitting loudly]
[both chomping]
- HIS SPIT...
IT TASTES LIKE--LIKE...
PUMPKIN PIE.
- CHUM CHUM,
WE HAVE OUR TASTE BACK.
- YES, BUT EVERYTHING
WORTH TASTING
IS GOING DOWN THAT HOLE.
- HEY, YOU GUYS!
[laughing]
[loud crash]
- OZ, YOU CAME!
- I DID IT!
I GATHERED TWO
OF EVERY TYPE OF CANDY.
AND IT'S ALL SAFE
INSIDE MY GLORIOUS CANDY ARK.
- UM, OZ,
WHY IS YOUR GLORIOUS CANDY ARK
RUMBLING?
- OH, NO.
IT SOUNDS LIKE MY TWO
OF EVERY MINTY-O'S
ARE MIXING WITH MY TWO
OF EVERY DIET COLA.
- SHE'S GONNA BLOW!
- [laughing]
- WOW!
[gleeful laughter]
- MY CANDY!
MY BEAUTIFUL
SYMMETRICAL CANDY!
- CHEER UP, OZ.
YOU SAVED HALLOWEEN.
- HOW ABOUT A TREAT, BOYS?
both: CANDY!
[chomping]
- SMILE.
THEY DON'T CALL ME MR. TRICK
FOR NOTHING.
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com
[melodic whistling]
- WHOA!
[quirky electronic music]
♪ ♪
[melodic whistling]